1.	Issues: While part of my issues were my fault, because I declined to start off this week by reading the software instructions, the Hypothes.is bookmarklet for Firefox didn’t work, particularly on twitter. I eventually resolved this by giving up and switching browsers. This was the only real problem I encountered this week.

2.	Before starting this course, my idea of digital history was primarily just history, but using tools and methods designed for the internet. I didn’t particularly see an important distinction between ‘history’ and ‘digital history’, after all I don’t think I’ve every written a paper that didn’t involve some digital history searching or tools of some kind, but it was never explicitly ‘digital history.’ I expected it to largely be a series of methods. This week has pointed out that digital history has a separate genealogy, to the point of forming what seems like a totally separate field in many ways. I remain baffled as to why this happened, other then that older historians don’t like the internet. I personally feel like the internet is now a manditory tool for historians. I honestly think the fact that digital history is so distinctly its own field is a condemnation of history as a general practice. 

Another note: Digital silences are important, however I tend to feel that they represent two main factors: who is using the internet, and exsisting archival silences/attention. feilds with a lot of young historians working in them and a lot of money coming in, in my opinion, naturally enter the digital space. Places that have less attention do not. It becomes a dual burden on someone who wants to tread less traveled ground, but I don't know if digital silences are in the end that much more... pressing? advanced? then archival silences of decades earlier. I rather think it's simply the nature of a new information format. 

3.	This week was generally quite straightforward, but I have to admit I didn’t go deeply into a particular field or start research, owing to a chaotic week. I will have to leave questions about digital silences and perhaps even more direct failures for a later week. 

4.	I am excited to design and build a project around the ideological history of liberalism. Digital tools seem easily powerful enough to do what I want to do, and the course seems designed around ‘picking your own topic’ a bit, particularly in the last week of work. 

